What would I do without your smart mouth
drawing
me in and you kicking me out?
You've got my head spinning.
No kidding.
I can't pin you down.
What's going on in that Beautiful Mind.
I'm on your magical mystery ride.
And I'm so dizzy.
Don't know what hit me, but I'll be all
right.
My head's under.
I'm breeding five.
You're crazy.
And I'm out of my mind.
Cause all of me loves
all. You love your cousin.
All your edges on your perfect
imperfections.
Give your.
To me.
I'll give my.
And you. You're my.
And in my beginning.
Even when I.
I'm winning because I'll give you a.
For me. And you give me a.
You.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Even when you're crying, you're beautiful
to.
The world is beating you down.
And I'm around through every mood.
You're my downfall.
You're my muse.
My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues
can't
stop singing.
It's ringing in my head From
you. My hands know.
But I'm breathing fire.
You're crazy and out of my
mind because all of me
learns all.
Love your cousin, all your edges on your
perfect
imperfections. So give your.
All to me.
I'll give my all.
See you.
You're my.
And in my beginning, even when I
lose, I'm winning because I give you all.
And you give me a.
You give me?
All of you.
Cards on the table.
We're both showing.
Hearts risking in all.
Though. It's hard.
Because all of me loves
all of you love your curves and
all your edges on your perfect
imperfections.
Give your all to me.
I'll give it my all to you.
You're my hand in my beginning.
Even when I lose, I'm winning because I give
you all.
Me. And you give me a.
For. You.
And I give you a.
And you give me a.
You owe.
And you give me.
You. Give me all of you.
Cards on the table.
We're both showing cards
risking. Though.
It's hard.